11/30 Sprint Review

These last two weeks, we focused:

What went well:
  - Continuing to have specific work for every person in between meeting sessions. This was part of our plan to improve last sprint review and we think we did really well
      on this.
  - We divided work well: trying to always have four tasks that need to be done before the next meeting/class period. Having four classes to code helped with splitting
      up work evenly.
  - Meeting on Monday's from 5pm - 6pm was very helpful for setting work due dates and catch up on what has been completed and what needs to be done

What did not go well:
  - Our repo organization was not as good as last sprint. We had multiple merge conflicts that we had to resolve (which we did).
  - We were a bit inefficient to start this sprint in terms of work done which we were able to pick up with extra work in the back half of the sprint.
    
Plans to improve processes
  - Starting the sprint strong with tangible tasks we can complete early on.
  - Having stronger communication about what we are working on in our repo to avoid merge conflicts.


Individual Contributions
  - Henry:
    I wrote the thread to simulate logical time so that the robots are unavailable for a specific amount of time. After doing this I changed the vectors showing available / unavailable robots to a map to remove errors. I also changed robot battery life to coorelate to robotSize and changed moptime / scrubtime / vaccumtime to coorelate with roomSize. I also changed the CLI to always create Room 0 as a home base. I also helped change createTask to write it in one for-loop. 
    From Standup: Fixed the #include statements in our classes to remove any circular relationship. I also wrote the random number generator for Robot probFailure. I also cleaned up the Room constructors and made sure that the nextID was incrementing properly. I wrote the printCurrentRobots method in Room. I also updated the CLI to use the proper Room constructor which allows it to read inputs as well as cleaned the CLI up visually.
  - Zhengtao: 
  - Lauren: 
  - Ditrick: 
